DOC-6384: New Corda CLI cpi command (#2137)
corda/corda-docs-portal: content/en/platform/corda/5.3/reference/corda-cli/cpi.md

---
description: "List of CPI commands for the Corda CLI. Use these commands to upload or fetch CPIs."
date: '2024-04-24'
menu:
  corda53:
    identifier: corda53-cordacli-cpi
    weight: 500
    parent: corda53-cli-reference
title: "cpi"
---
# cpi

> This section lists the Corda CLI `cpi` arguments. You can use these commands to upload CPIs to your project as well as list the CPIs that are already there.

Reviewer: We can modified it like this - `This section lists the Corda CLI `cpi` arguments. You can use these commands to upload CPIs to your Corda 5 cluster as well as list the CPIs that are already there.`

Author: Updated

> This section lists the Corda CLI `cpi` arguments. You can use these commands to upload CPIs to your Corda 5 cluster as well as list the CPIs that are already there.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This section lists the Corda CLI `cpi` arguments. You can use these commands to upload CPIs to your Corda cluster and also list any existing CPIs.
```

## upload

> The `upload` command uploads CPIs present in the specified `.cpi` file into your project.

Reviewer 3: IMO "project" is a bit ambiguous, therefore proposing:
```suggestion
The `upload` command uploads CPIs present in the specified `.cpi` file into your C5 cluster, so that Virtual Nodes can be created using this CPI at a later point.
```

> The `upload` command uploads CPIs present in the specified `.cpi` file into your Corda 5 cluster, so that virtual nodes can be created using this CPI at a later point.

Reviewer 2: This reads a little funny to me. Can one `.cpi` file contains multiple CPIs?

Also, we usually just say "Corda" (not "Corda 5").

Author: @ShYogesh-R3 Can one .cpi file contains multiple CPIs?

Reviewer: No, .cpi itself is a CPI file. it does not contain multiple CPIs. `.cpi` format represent the cpi file.

Author: Updated

Reviewer 2: I think you could just say something like:

> The `upload` command uploads the specified CPI into your Corda cluster, so that virtual nodes can be created using this CPI at a later point.

Author: Yes, more concise. Updated.

<style>
table th:first-of-type {
    width: 30%;
}
table th:nth-of-type(2) {
    width: 70%;
}
</style>

| Argument           | Description                                                            |
| ------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| -t, \-\-target     | The target address of the REST server, for example, https://host:port. |

> | -p, \-\-password   | REST password.                                                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| -p, \-\-password   | The REST password.                                                         |
```

> | -u, \-\-user       | REST user name.                                                        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| -u, \-\-user       | The REST user name.                                                        |
```

| -c, \-\-cpi        | The CPI file to upload.                                                |

> | -w, \-\-wait       | Wait for the result or have a result ID returned to be checked later.  |

Reviewer 2: Not sure I follow this description. Does specifying `-w` "wait" for the result AND return a result ID?

Author: @ShYogesh-R3 could you pls advise?

Reviewer: Yes, `-w` wait for the result ID[checksum] to be populated. If we do not specify -w, it will return a normal `ID`, which we can use to get the the `checksum` eventually.

Author: Updated the description.

> | -w, \-\-wait       | Waits for the checksum to populate. If not specified, you'll receive a standard ID, which you can later use to retrieve the checksum.  |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| -w, \-\-wait       | Waits for the checksum to populate. If not specified, an ID is returned, which you can later use to retrieve the checksum.  |
```

> | -k, \-\-insecure   | Allow for invalid server-side SSL certificates.                        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| -k, \-\-insecure   | Allows invalid server-side SSL certificates.                        |
```

{{< tabs name="DDL-user">}}
{{% tab name="Bash" %}}
```sh
corda-cli.sh cpi upload -t https://localhost:8888 -u admin -p password --cpi mycpifile.cpi -w -k
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="PowerShell" %}}
```shell
corda-cli.cmd cpi upload -t https://localhost:8888 -u admin -p password --cpi mycpifile.cpi -w -k
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

## list

> The `list` command fetches the CPIs present in your project.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The `list` command fetches the CPIs present in your C5 cluster.
```

> The `list` command fetches the CPIs present in your Corda 5 cluster.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
The `list` command fetches the CPIs present in your Corda cluster.
```

<style>
table th:first-of-type {
    width: 30%;
}
table th:nth-of-type(2) {
    width: 70%;
}
</style>

| Argument           | Description                                                            |
| ------------------ | ---------------------------------------------------------------------- |
| -t, \-\-target     | The target address of the REST server, for example, https://host:port. |

> | -p, \-\-password   | REST password.                                                         |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| -p, \-\-password   | The REST password.                                                         |
```

> | -u, \-\-user       | REST user name.                                                        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| -u, \-\-user       | The REST user name.                                                        |
```

> | -k, \-\-insecure   | Allow for invalid server-side SSL certificates.                        |

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
| -k, \-\-insecure   | Allows for invalid server-side SSL certificates.                        |
```

{{< tabs name="DDL-user">}}
{{% tab name="Bash" %}}
```sh
corda-cli.sh cpi list -t https://localhost:8888 -u admin -p password -k
```
{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab name="PowerShell" %}}
```shell

> corda-cli.cmd cpi list -t https://localhost:8888 -u admin -p password -k

Reviewer 2: This isn't displayed correctly in the preview for me. Not sure but might be because you haven't changed the `tabs name`.

Author: Changed tabs names and it displays correctly now.
